I'm late again!
Why didn't you
wake me up, Astral!
For one hour, I said,
"Yuma, wake up."
Well, you should've
said it louder!
(Bronk)
Make way,
coming through!
(Yuma) Bronk!
See ya!
Wait, let me hop on!
(Bronk)
Uh-oh.
Look out!
I meant to do that...
Bronk, are you okay?
(Rio) Now that was a wipeout.
(Bronk) Rio?
How are ya?
Fine, but looks like you
got a little banged up.
There, how's that?
Yeah, feels good as new.
Thanks a bunch!
She's amazing...
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we
feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together
regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
(Tori)
...But the group project
isn't due until next week.
Right, Bronk?
Bronk?
Earth to Bronk...
Come in.
They're giving away donuts
in the cafeteria, Bronk.
All you can eat, first
come, first serve.
Nothing!
Rio!
Boy, Bronk has
got it, real bad.
If you really like Rio so much,
you should just take a chance.
Ask her out.
You think so?
But what if she
doesn't like me?
My philosophy is, if you don't
ask, then they can't say no.
That's a really good point!
I also feel like it
should be pointed out
that Shark is her brother.
Oh, that's a good point, too!
That doesn't matter.
All that matters is whether
or not Rio likes Bronk,
and he won't never know
unless he asks her out!
That's a good point!
But if you say or
do the wrong thing,
Shark'll make your
life miserable.
Good point.
(Flip) I got it!
You're just gonna have to
win Shark's respect, Bronk.
(Caswell)
And how is he
supposed to do that?
(Bronk) Yeah, how?
Well what if... you
beat him in a duel?
That's it!
I'll duel him!
If I can manage to
defeat Shark in a duel,
then, maybe he'll respect me.
And then...
On this day, you have
earned my sister's hand.
Thanks!
All right!
I'm gonna challenge
Shark to a duel!
Bronk, wait a sec.
He's a goner.
Totally.
A duel?
You mean, like, you and me?
Yeah, that's right.
And if I win the
duel, then uh...
Well, uh, your
sister, is, uh...
(Shark) Face facts.
You're wasting
your time, Bronk.
Well, but...
The only guy around here
who even comes close
to being good enough is Yuma.
So then you're saying...
You'd only consider Yuma?
Consider him
for what?
For Rio, I guess.
So then...
it's Yuma.
I guess, uh...
Good talking to you, Shark.
The world needs to
know about this!
And that's when Shark said
to Bronk that only Yuma
could be Rio's boyfriend!
Are you sure about all this?
If I wasn't sure about it,
Ray, I wouldn't have posted
the entire story on
the front page of my blog
"Flip's Daily Quips" so that
everyone could know about it!
We were there the whole
time, we heard it all!
Well, uh, good for them!
It's not fair.
What's up, Bronk?
What did you wanna talk about?
Yuma, I'm really frustrated!
Why's that?
I'm frustrated because
it can't be me,
and that makes me super bummed.
And super bummed is not fun.
But Yuma...
I know that you and me
are best buds, am I right?
Yeah, Bronk, of course.
That's why I'm gonna try
to be okay with this!
But make Rio cry, and
we're gonna have words!
Wait, what are you
talking about?
Shark said the only guy good
enough for Rio is you, Yuma.
You.
(Rio)
So that's why everyone
thinks we're dating?
(Bronk) Rio...
I shoulda known that Reginald
was at the center of all this.
What's going' on?
Why are we here, Rio?
I challenge you to a duel.
You too?
Lotta that goin' around today.
I'm serious, Reginald.
Do you think this is funny?
I don't even know
what """this" is.
You're my big brother,
but you do not get
to make my decisions for me!
Rio, I, uh...
This is between
me and Reginald.
I got things to do.
(Rio) Too scared?
I know how you can get
scared sometimes.
It's like your strange
fear of onions.
Maybe I'll have
Flip blog about it!
No, you won't!
I'm serious, Rio.
Not cool!
Hmph!
Well, if you don't want
the whole school
knowing about that, then
you've gotta duel me.
A battle between
brother and sister.
We should wear ear plugs.
I'm locked and loaded!
(both) Duel Gazer set!
(both) Bring it on!
(Shark)
You've never beaten
me in a duel.
That's not gonna change.
Not today, hah!
I summon Big Jaws!
And it lets me summon Shark
Stickers from my hand!
I overlay my Level 3 Big
Jaws and Shark Stickers!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon Submersible
Carrier Aero Shark!
(Yuma) Did you guys see that?
He was able to Xyz Summon on his
first turn like it was nothing!
And now to really get things
going, by using an overlay unit,
for every card in my hand,
I can hit you with
400 points of damage!
Not wasting any time, is he?
She has no way to
block this, does she?
This is what happens when
you bring up the onions.
Go Torpedo Take Down!
Incoming!
Guess it's a good thing I've got
Guard Penguin to protect me!
It reduces the damage
I would have taken to zero!
And when it's done,
it can stick around.
I'd say that was
a purr-fect move!
It sure was!
You're the best, Rio!
Hmph!
Any wannabe could have pulled
off a counter like that.
Well, it takes one to
know one, Reginald!
Let's see if you're still saying
that after I play Aqua Gate!
This spell negates
your attack once for
every facedown spell
or trap on my field.
And since I'm ending my turn
with two facedown cards,
that means I can
stop two attacks.
Your move, what
are you gonna do?
Hmph, you're about
to find out.
Watch this onion boy!
My turn!
First I summon Blizzard Falcon!
And now I overlay Guard
Penguin and Blizzard Falcon!
I Xyz Summon
Ice Beast Zerofyne!
Rio!
If you attack, that Aqua
Gate's gonna stop it!
Good thing I've got
the perfect way
to deal with that Bronk!
I activate Zerofyne's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit, all
other faceup cards have their
effects put on ice until the
beginning of my next turn.
Perfect Freeze!
She froze the whole field?
Shark cannot defend
with Aqua Gate now.
Cool move.
The best part is that for every
card that Zerofyne just froze,
one of your monsters
loses 300 attack points!
Two cards had their
effects frozen:
Aero Shark and Aqua Gate.
Which means Aero Shark
is suddenly down
600 attack points.
That's how it's done!
You go, Rio!
(Rio)
Wait a second, this
is too easy...
Shark had to have known
I'd summon Zerofyne...
Is Aqua Gate a decoy?
Of course!
I gotta switch gears and focus
on those two facedowns.
In that case...
I equip Wings of Silence
onto Ice Beast Zerofyne!
If you were thinking of stopping
Zerofyne with one of your
facedown cards, I've got
some bad news for you...
Not only will Wings of Silence
raise Zerofyne's attack points
by three-hundred, but
it'll also protect it
from your spell and trap cards.
A smart precaution.
However, shark does
not seem fazed.
Do it, Zerofyne!
Attack Aero Shark!
Icicle Storm!
Oh, yeah!
That's what
I'm talkin' about!
Too bad I didn't walk right
into your little trap.
It really is too bad.
Too bad you're dueling just
like I knew you would!
'Cause now I'm activating
the trap Ghost Salvage.
This trap brings back my
Water Attribute Xyz Monster.
And when it returns, it can
bring along two monsters that
were used to Summon
it by negating
their special abilities.
So here come Big Jaws, Shark
Stickers and Aero Shark!
Shark's got a lot of
monsters out there.
Yeah, but their bite's not so
bad without their abilities...
I activate the trap Full Armored
Xyz, which gives me the power
to Xyz Summon no matter
whose turn it is!
Seriously?
I overlay my Level 3 Shark
Stickers and Big Jaws
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Black Ray Lancer!
And now, thanks to Full Armored
Xyz, I can equip Aero Shark
onto Black Ray Lancer and
combine their attack points.
That's a whole lotta power!
Looks like you did walk
right into my trap.
There was never any way you
were going to beat me, sis.
I place one card facedown...
and end my turn.
Heh, I knew you
couldn't do nothin'!
I activate the
spell Break Stream!
When Black Ray Lancer attacks,
you can't activate
a spell or trap!
Meanwhile, due to
Zerofyne, Aqua Gate's
effect cannot be used.
Conceivably, there is
nothing she can do
to stop Black Ray Lancer.
(Bronk)
C'mon, Rio,
you can do it.
(Shark) Black Ray Lancer!
Attack Zerofyne with
Shimmering Spear Slash!
And next, I activate Break
Stream's other effect!
When Black Ray Lancer
destroys a monster,
Break Stream gets rid of one
of your spell or trap cards!
You've never had what it
takes to be a real duelist.
I remember when you
first started dueling,
you needed me to build
your deck for you...
You didn't know
what to do then,
and you don't know
what to do now.
That's not true.
You're wrong.
I've changed, Reginald.
You may have built my
deck when we were kids,
but I'm all grown up!
I don't need your
help anymore!
I do things my way!
I'm activating my trap
card Ice Fire Egg!
Huh?
How can she play a trap that
Break Stream destroyed?
This particular trap card
activates when it's destroyed!
And it allows me to summon
one Water Xyz Monster from
my graveyard by
stripping it of all
its attack and defense points.
I'm bringing back Zerofyne!
And Ice Fire Egg changes
Zerofyne to Level 5!
Awesome!
But uh...
It doesn't have
any attack points.
Even if it did, Rio wouldn't
know what to do with them!
You're up.
(Rio)
If I don't draw the card
I'm hoping for... or...
if Reginald already
knows what I'm planning...
(Shark)
I bet I know what you're
thinking right now.
You're worried that I'm three
steps ahead of you, that this
facedown card will activate as
soon as you make your move.
That's what you're
thinking, right, sis?
Of course, 'cause
you doubt yourself.
Rio...
(Shark)
Self-doubting wannabes
don't win duels.
And that's why you
always lose to me.
Because you don't
trust your instincts.
You're not gonna win.
You're just gonna keep
second guessing yourself
into corners and you know it.
(Bronk) Don't listen to him!
Rio, I know you can do this!
You just gotta trust
yourself and, like,
don't get all caught up thinking
about what might happen...
Just take a chance in today!
That's right.
You gotta high...
(Bronk)
You gotta high
five the sky!
Come on, Rio, it's all you!
Bronk's right, I've
gotta take a chance.
Get ready 'cause your little
sister is about to win big!
All right, I draw!
Got it!
I activate the field spell
Land of Frozen Flames!
If I use a Water
monster to Xyz Summon,
it counts as two monsters.
And Zerofyne is
a Water monster!
So she's got two
Level 5 monsters!
I think you know
where this is going...
I overlay both of my
Ice Beast Zerofynes!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz summon Ice
Princess Zereort!
I activate Ice Princess'
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Ice Princess takes away
your monster's attack points!
Subzero Subtraction!
That's one way to shut
down a powerful monster.
Yeah!
Ice Princess attack
Black Ray Lancer!
By activating Full Armored Xyz's
effect, I send Aero Shark to
the graveyard and my Black
Lancer isn't destroyed!
(Rio) Nice save.
But you still take damage!
Rio's almost got him
down for the count!
And with that,
I'm ending my turn.
I gotta admit, you really
surprised me just now, sis.
Maybe I was wrong...
Maybe you are one
amazing duelist.
Do you...
Do you mean that?
Get real, Rio!
"An amazing duelist?"
I don't think so!
It's my turn, here goes!
First I summon Drill Barnacle!
Next up, I'm equipping Xyz
Crown onto Black Ray Lancer!
This spell changes my Xyz
Monster's Rank into a Level,
and makes it count
as two monsters!
And thanks to your field
spell Land Of Frozen Flames,
Drill Barnacle also
counts as two!
I'm pretty sure I don't
like where this is goin'.
I overlay both Drill Barnacles
and both Black Ray Lancers!
With these four monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon the king of
the deep, Shark Caesar!
Shark used Rio's field
spell to his advantage.
Quite impressive, truly.
Go, Shark Caesar, attack!
Wait, what?
But it's not as powerful
as Ice Princess!
(Shark)
By using one Overlay
Unit, Shark Caesar
gains 3,000 attack points!
You gotta be kidding!
This duel only had one
possible outcome, Rio.
And that's me winning
and you losing!
Go Emperor's Might!
Rio...
You win again.
But next time, you won't
be so lucky onion boy.
Look, you are getting better,
so at least there's that.
Hmph!
But still, if you think I'm
gonna become Yuma's girlfriend
just because you say
I should, you're crazy.
Did you say """become
Yuma's girlfriend?
Why would I think that?
Hold on.
All I said to Bronk, is that
Yuma's the only duelist
around who can kinda
keep up with me.
So then...
Uhhh...
It was our misunderstanding?
Well, this is embarrassing.
Rio...
That was an awesome duel.
You and I should duel sometime!
You and me?
Yeah!
We could help each other get
better, and maybe... maybe...
Maybe if you win, then uh...
(Rio) Then what?
Maybe I'll buy
you an ice cream.
Sounds like a good deal to me.
(Bronk) Cool.
(Rio)
Now, um, there's something
I need to go deal with.
Guys?
About that little
rumor you started...